c:\users\shamnad.mh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\bin\Debug\BaseFramework.dll
c:\users\shamnad.mh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\bin\Debug\BaseFramework.pdb
c:\users\shamnad.mh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll
c:\users\shamnad.mh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll
c:\users\shamnad.mh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\shamnad.mh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\shamnad.mh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\shamnad.mh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.pdb
c:\users\shamnad.mh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml
c:\users\shamnad.mh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.pdb
c:\users\shamnad.mh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml
c:\users\shamnad.mh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\users\shamnad.mh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\shamnad.mh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.pdb
c:\users\shamnad.mh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\users\shamnad.mh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\shamnad.mh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\obj\Debug\BaseFramework.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\shamnad.mh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\obj\Debug\BaseFramework.MainPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\shamnad.mh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\obj\Debug\BaseFramework.App.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\shamnad.mh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\obj\Debug\BaseFramework.dll
c:\users\shamnad.mh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\obj\Debug\BaseFramework.pdb
c:\users\shamnad.mh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\obj\Debug\BaseFramework.dll.mdb
c:\users\shamnad.mh\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\bin\Debug\BaseFramework.dll.mdb
C:\Users\shamnad.mh\Documents\Source\Repos\trialrepository\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\bin\Debug\BaseFramework.dll
C:\Users\shamnad.mh\Documents\Source\Repos\trialrepository\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\bin\Debug\BaseFramework.pdb
C:\Users\shamnad.mh\Documents\Source\Repos\trialrepository\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll
C:\Users\shamnad.mh\Documents\Source\Repos\trialrepository\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll
C:\Users\shamnad.mh\Documents\Source\Repos\trialrepository\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
C:\Users\shamnad.mh\Documents\Source\Repos\trialrepository\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
C:\Users\shamnad.mh\Documents\Source\Repos\trialrepository\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
C:\Users\shamnad.mh\Documents\Source\Repos\trialrepository\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.pdb
C:\Users\shamnad.mh\Documents\Source\Repos\trialrepository\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml
C:\Users\shamnad.mh\Documents\Source\Repos\trialrepository\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.pdb
C:\Users\shamnad.mh\Documents\Source\Repos\trialrepository\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml
C:\Users\shamnad.mh\Documents\Source\Repos\trialrepository\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
C:\Users\shamnad.mh\Documents\Source\Repos\trialrepository\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
C:\Users\shamnad.mh\Documents\Source\Repos\trialrepository\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.pdb
C:\Users\shamnad.mh\Documents\Source\Repos\trialrepository\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
C:\Users\shamnad.mh\Documents\Source\Repos\trialrepository\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
C:\Users\shamnad.mh\Documents\Source\Repos\trialrepository\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\obj\Debug\BaseFramework.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\shamnad.mh\Documents\Source\Repos\trialrepository\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\obj\Debug\BaseFramework.MainPage.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\shamnad.mh\Documents\Source\Repos\trialrepository\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\obj\Debug\BaseFramework.App.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\shamnad.mh\Documents\Source\Repos\trialrepository\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\obj\Debug\BaseFramework.dll
C:\Users\shamnad.mh\Documents\Source\Repos\trialrepository\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\obj\Debug\BaseFramework.pdb
C:\Users\shamnad.mh\Documents\Source\Repos\trialrepository\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\obj\Debug\BaseFramework.dll.mdb
C:\Users\shamnad.mh\Documents\Source\Repos\trialrepository\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\bin\Debug\BaseFramework.dll.mdb
C:\Users\shamnad.mh\Source\Repos\mygithubtest\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\bin\Debug\BaseFramework.dll
C:\Users\shamnad.mh\Source\Repos\mygithubtest\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\bin\Debug\BaseFramework.pdb
C:\Users\shamnad.mh\Source\Repos\mygithubtest\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll
C:\Users\shamnad.mh\Source\Repos\mygithubtest\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll
C:\Users\shamnad.mh\Source\Repos\mygithubtest\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
C:\Users\shamnad.mh\Source\Repos\mygithubtest\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
C:\Users\shamnad.mh\Source\Repos\mygithubtest\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
C:\Users\shamnad.mh\Source\Repos\mygithubtest\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.pdb
C:\Users\shamnad.mh\Source\Repos\mygithubtest\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml
C:\Users\shamnad.mh\Source\Repos\mygithubtest\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.pdb
C:\Users\shamnad.mh\Source\Repos\mygithubtest\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml
C:\Users\shamnad.mh\Source\Repos\mygithubtest\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
C:\Users\shamnad.mh\Source\Repos\mygithubtest\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
C:\Users\shamnad.mh\Source\Repos\mygithubtest\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.pdb
C:\Users\shamnad.mh\Source\Repos\mygithubtest\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
C:\Users\shamnad.mh\Source\Repos\mygithubtest\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
C:\Users\shamnad.mh\Source\Repos\mygithubtest\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\obj\Debug\BaseFramework.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\shamnad.mh\Source\Repos\mygithubtest\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\obj\Debug\BaseFramework.MainPage.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\shamnad.mh\Source\Repos\mygithubtest\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\obj\Debug\BaseFramework.App.xaml.g.cs
C:\Users\shamnad.mh\Source\Repos\mygithubtest\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\obj\Debug\BaseFramework.dll
C:\Users\shamnad.mh\Source\Repos\mygithubtest\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\obj\Debug\BaseFramework.pdb
C:\Users\shamnad.mh\Source\Repos\mygithubtest\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\obj\Debug\BaseFramework.dll.mdb
C:\Users\shamnad.mh\Source\Repos\mygithubtest\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\bin\Debug\BaseFramework.dll.mdb
C:\Users\shamnad.mh\Source\Repos\mygithubtest\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\obj\Debug\BaseFramework.dll.mdb
C:\Users\shamnad.mh\Source\Repos\mygithubtest\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\BaseFramework\bin\Debug\BaseFramework.dll.mdb
